Hey!
I know you're in there.
Are you going to open the door or not?
If not…
Ti… Tiger, please don't hurt me.
My kid just started school.
I can't come up with the money in time.
You can't come up with the money,
or you can't stop spinning the slots? Huh?
I'm really sorry.
Please don't hurt me.
I'll do anything you want.
I'm sorry. I really am.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, bro.
I'm really sorry. Please don't hurt me.
I'm sorry. I beg you.
I'm sorry.
Argh!
If you don't pay me by tomorrow,
you'll end up like this phone.
Understood.
This is the last stop.
Boss said this one's the toughest.
I don't know why.
Anyone who walks in here goes soft
and never comes back with the payoff.
Well, well, well.
They've got money to open a cat café,
but they can't pay off their debt.
What's wrong with them?
Hey, Dong.
You can go back first.
What?
I'll take care of this case.
You can hold him.
Go ahead.
You can hold any of my cats here.
Just don't take them home.
Well, I…
I'm allergic to cat fur.
Oh, really?
But you're okay just
looking at them, right?
Jiro,
keep your distance.
Social dis-cat-ing, dear.
There he goes.
Well…
actually, I'm here for...
Are you here for a cat fix?
You must take off your shoes first.
Welcome.
Every cat here is a stray
that was abandoned.
Cats are like people, you know?
Even if they're the same breed,
they all have different personalities.
(Most of them like being alone, though.)
(Cats like things neat and orderly.)
(Looking good is their top priority.)
(People usually think
cats don't understand us, )
(but they actually understand
everything we say.)
(It's totally up to them
whether they feel like responding.)
I feel truly honored to visit Thailand.
I love the racetracks here,
Thai food, and Thai massages.
But what I love most is…
the Thai smile.
My work here is done.
You can freely enjoy
the party, Mr. Enrique.
Have fun.
Aren't you coming with me?
I still want to talk to you.
(When you talk to cats,
you need to listen with your eyes.)
(They respond to us
through their body language.)
(If cats get angry,
they flick their tails.)
(You'd better run,
or they might scratch you.)
Do you want to add a
cat to your friend list?
Huh?
Make eye contact and blink slowly.
If they blink back, it means
they've accepted your friend request.
Or if you want to go
somewhere else with me,
I'm fine with that too.
How about coming to my room?
My partner, who's an
F1 fan, is waiting for me.
I'm sure you'll spend
the whole night talking together.
Looks like his friend list is full.
It's alright.
I'll go find you a new boss.
HOPE YOU FIND YOUR FAVORITE CAT.
I've got plenty of cat bosses for you
to choose from.
Come here.
Go ahead, make your pick.
Which boss do you like?
JUMBO, JIRO, JENNIE
LYNX.
That one is named Lynx. He's my son.
He ran off and became a stray.
He's a tough nut to crack.
If anyone can make him blink back,
I'm ready to give him up,
along with this café.
LYNX.
"Cat for Cash" (Episode 1)
Je Meow, your ice is here.
Close the door for me, Krapor.
The cats might sneak out.
Oops, I forgot.
I knew it.
This cold guy is yours.
My whole arm's already numb.
Then hurry up and fill it.
So cold.
Always with an intro.
You're such a punctual guy.
No wonder Jennie loves you so much.
Sadhu.
I've spent a fortune on her cat treats.
Still, she won't even let me hold her paws.
That's why that song was written,
♪ I shed my tears at a cat café ♪
Don't give up just yet.
Why, Sis?
Just wait and see this man.
Who?
Here he is.
Welcome to Cat-Cheer Café.
Jiro.
Jiro, my boy.
I've got to respect Tiger's dedication.
He's been here, same time, same place,
every day for three months.
Jiro still hasn't blinked back at him.
At first, he was like a sugar cat daddy.
Jiro.
When treats didn't work,
he spoiled him with gadgets instead.
But lately, he's been
coming in empty-handed.
He's probably given up.
Said who?
He's been wearing the same old shirt
for like a month.
Huh?
He must've heard
cats recognize people by scent.
Let's see if he finally gets recognized.
Jiro.
Let's be friends.
Yes!
Jiro finally accepted his friend request.
Let's go over there.
Yes!
That was amazing, Tiger.
Jiro finally accepted your friend request.
Hey, Je Meow.
This isn't Jiro.
Huh?
They look really similar,
but Jiro has bigger eyes
and chubbier cheeks.
Come on, no drama.
I'm just messing with you.
You're good, though.
You remembered Jiro.
This is another orange cat
someone's letting me look after for now.
So I rotated him in with Jiro.
Here you go.
There he is.
Your Jiro.
Jiro.
Tiger's here.
Tiger could remember you.
Give him a reward.
This is the real Jiro,
with the verified blue checkmark.
Congrats.
Je Meow.
Can I take a picture of Jiro
for my phone wallpaper?
Sure. Go ahead.
How about I take it for you?
Make sure Jiro looks handsome.
Nice.
(Our condo doesn't allow cats,
in case someone here didn't know.)
What's up?
(Hey, Lynx. We're all here.
(Where the hell are you?)
On my way.
(Be real. Aren't you still at home
and standing us up?)
Good. If you already know, I'm hanging up.
(Hold on. Remember telling me
you were looking for a full-time job?)
(One of my clients is looking for
a full-time interpreter in Melbourne.)
(It's tough work, but the pay's huge.)
When does it start?
(Next month.)
(It's a long-term contract, though.)
(If I could stand being away from my bae,
I'd go myself.)
Tiger!
Hi, Je Meow.
Those are for Jiro?
Yes.
I'm not sure which one he'll like.
Pick the blue one.
Jiro told me he likes blue.
You can talk to cats?
Shhh.
Yes, I can talk to cats.
Kidding.
Cats see blue better than red.
Oh.
It's in their nature.
I see.
He's gonna like it.
After you.
Thanks for helping me carry these bags.
Why did you buy so much stuff?
I bought ingredients
to make fried noodles for Lynx.
It's his favorite.
He's dropping by.
I bought enough to make extra for you too.
I saw you always checking out
Lynx's pictures.
No, I didn't.
Come on, I'm kidding.
I actually wanted to cook for you
to thank you for going easy on me
about the debt.
So…
you already knew who I was?
I did.
I'm sorry for paying back late.
I haven't been well,
so I had to close the café a lot.
But I promise
I'll pay off the debt as soon as I can.
Okay.
Why didn't you ask Lynx to help you out?
Oi, I was already glad
he even picked up my calls.
We haven't talked in three years.
I don't know if something's going on.
My son's a tough case, right?
Want to give it a shot?
If you win him over,
the cat café's included.
I'll give it to you.
You're interested, right?
Let's go.
Oi.
Are you alright?
You okay?
I'm okay.
I'll be fine.
Just something that comes with age.
Let's go.
I'm okay now.
Let's go eat fried noodles.
Oh!
What time is it already?
Gosh, Lynx still isn't here?
Should you call him?
He probably had something urgent.
It's fine.
No matter how urgent, he could've called.
It's alright.
Just knowing he'd come
already makes me happy.
I even thought he'd never
step foot in here again.
Cat owners get used
to being ignored by cats.
But when it's your own kid,
no matter how long it's been,
you never get used to it.
It's pretty late now, Tiger.
You should head home.
I'll pack you my Korat fried noodles.
You'll love it.
You don't have to.
Come on, my cooking's really good.
I don't want to trouble you.
Try them.
Je!
Je Meow!
Je, Je Meow.
Je!
Meow~
(Hey! Call an ambulance now!)
(What do we do?)
(What happened?)
(What's wrong?)
(What's wrong with Je Meow?)
(Why is Je Meow on the floor?)
(Have you called an ambulance?)
(Call an ambulance. Call it now.)
Hello, someone passed out.
Please send an ambulance right away.
PUNARI VILAWONG
8 AUGUST 1980 - 23 MARCH 2025
Where the hell were you that night?
Do you know your mother…
waited for you until her last breath?
Hey!
I asked around.
It doesn't seem like anyone knows much.
They said his father
died when he was little.
They cut ties with their family.
His mother got pregnant
before the marriage.
So he's been handling
everything on his own.
Here.
Do you feel better now?
Who are you?
My name is Tiger.
I took your mother to the hospital.
Oh, it was you. Thank you.
So…
what happened that night?
Something came up.
What was it?
I'm sorry.
You should eat.
Hold on.
Eaten yet?
I'm about to eat now.
I wasn't talking about you.
Hold up!
This bowl is for wet food.
Were you my mom's regular customer?
No.
I'm your mom's creditor.
To be more specific…
your mother mortgaged this place to us.
And it's been overdue for several months.
Legally speaking,
parents' debts…
don't pass on to the child, right?
Now that's the plot twist.
But legally,
your inheritance
will be used to pay the debt.
So you have to choose.
Keep running this café,
or go find the money and pay me back.
Otherwise, I take the place.
(Yeah, we're definitely losing the café.)
(There's no way Lynx wants
to keep this place going.)
(But it's the only thing
Je Meow left for him.)
Hey.
Is there…
anyone else living here?
Just me.
Why do you ask?
Are you sure?
Are you okay?
Dong, let's go.
We'll come back tomorrow.
This is my boss,
taking off just like that.
For crying out loud, Jiggo!
What's going on, Lynx?
Lynx.
What happened?
Jiggo ripped my graduation gown.
How many times have I told you
not to leave your stuff lying around?
So it's my fault?
No.
Cats don't know.
They think it's something
they can play with.
What you're saying is that I'm to blame.
How many of my clothes
have already been torn up?
How many books have already been ruined?
Lynx.
You always take the cats' side.
Can we just rent a new one? I'll go get it.
That has nothing to do with this.
Then what do you want?
I'm not attending the ceremony!
What do you want?
You choose, Mom.
Do you want to live with the cats or me?
(Hey, lil' bro.)
(Your fly's open.)
(See! He really can hear us.)
Yeah, I really can hear them talking.
What happened to me?
(Je Meow must've used
her last drop of energy
(to pass her power on to this young man.)
What?
Je Meow could talk to cats?
How did her power come to me?
(How would we know?)
(We only know this is a secret,
and you must not tell anyone.)
Who are you talking to?
I'm talking to…
(Shhhhh.)
…myself.
Have you decided
what to do with the café?
I'm not going to continue it.
You can use it to pay off the debt.
(See? I knew it.)
(Then where are we supposed to be now?)
And…
what are you going to do with the cats?
Well…
I'll find people to adopt them, I guess.
Or I'll send them to a foundation.
(Granny Joo, what is a "foundation"?)
(It's where they separate us
and send us to different places.)
(What? No way.)
(I'm not going.
(Jumbo wants to stay with everyone.)
Listen.
The cats here live together like a family.
Why would you split them up?
Then you take them.
I wish I could.
But I'm allergic to cats.
Alright then.
I'm heading to the temple now.
(Oi, can Jumbo not go?
(I promise to be a good kid.)
(Jumbo wants to stay with everyone.)
I kind of know…
you had issues with your mom.
She told you?
Just some.
But you were coming back that night
to patch things up with her, right?
Keep running this café.
Your mom loved every cat like her own kids.
You choose, Mom.
Do you want to live with the cats or me?
That was easy for you to say.
You just pat their heads,
scratch their chins,
take pictures, post them, and get likes.
But if you were me,
all my clothes were covered in cat fur,
and everything was scratched up.
I couldn't go on holiday at all.
I was stuck here cleaning up their shit.
And I wasn't coming back that night
to patch things up with her.
I was going to tell her to
shut this place down, ditch the cats,
and move overseas with me.
And who the hell do you think you are
to tell me to keep running this café?
Here.
Lynx, I filled up the ice for you.
Thank you, Krapor.
Do you know what your mother liked to eat?
Why?
Today's the last day of her funeral.
I want to give her a proper offering.
So do you know what she liked to eat?
I'll go buy it.
That's okay.
Hello.
Grandpa and Grandma?
I'm Lynx. I called you the other day.
I'm sorry for your loss, Lynx.
Thank you.
So what happened to her?
It was heart disease.
She'd probably been
treating it for a while.
I don't know much of the details.
Wait.
He hasn't been with her in a long time.
We should let him stay there alone.
Alright, dear?
People can cut off family,
but they can't cut
disease out of their genes.
At the end of last year,
he had bypass surgery too.
May I ask you, Grandma?
What was the issue between them?
(When she was 8 months pregnant
with you, you suddenly stopped moving.)
(The doctor said the cord
was wrapped around your neck.)
The patient has an
infection and is very weak.
I'm afraid that if we operate on her,
she might not make it.
Tell the doctor to go ahead, Dad.
Save my baby.
Calm down, Meow.
The baby's father didn't
even bother to show up.
Why would you still care
so much about the baby?
Save yourself first.
(The only way to save you
was to get you out right away.)
If you choose the baby,
you're no longer my daughter.
(Luckily, the doctor managed to save
both you and your mother.)
The sad part is…
after that day,
your grandfather and your mother
never spoke again until now.
Mom and Grandpa were equally stubborn?
Your mother and grandfather
each loved their child more than anything.
Grandma.
Hm?
What was Mom's favorite food?
♪ I keep it in my heart,
keep it in my gaze ♪
♪ I leave it in the quiet space ♪
♪ Maybe it's me, convinced that someday ♪
♪ You'd know what I'm trying to convey ♪
♪ And if I tried to say it out loud ♪
♪ No words would compare somehow ♪
♪ To everything my
heart gives you each day ♪
♪ My feelings for you will never change ♪
♪ I told you I love you, love you ♪
♪ Since the first day I laid eyes on you ♪
♪ In the arms that embraced,
in the smiles I gave ♪
♪ In every little thing I
did for you each day ♪
♪ I told you I love you, love you ♪
Do you know what your mother liked to eat?
♪ From that day I've stayed the same ♪
Hello.
Hello, Lynx.
Have you eaten yet, son?
♪ Even though my voice can't be heard ♪
♪ But someday you'll
understand every word ♪
♪ Every word ♪
♪ Straight from my heart,
softly from my eyes ♪
♪ I leave it there for you to realize ♪
♪ My language written
for you for a long while ♪
(Your mother and grandfather
each loved their child more than anything.)
(But they never found their way back
into each other's lives.)
♪ I told you I love you, love you ♪
♪ Since the first day I laid eyes on you ♪
♪ In the arms that embraced,
in the smiles I gave ♪
♪ In every little thing I
did for you each day ♪
♪ I told you I love you, love you ♪
♪ Since the first day I laid eyes on you ♪
♪ In the arms that embraced,
in the smiles I gave ♪
♪ In every little thing I
did for you each day ♪
♪ I told you I love you, love you ♪
♪ From that day I've stayed the same ♪
♪ I'm sorry I can't say
I love you in words ♪
♪ But someday you'll
understand every word ♪
♪ Every word ♪
The truth is, that night,
I was too afraid to see my mom.
The person I went to see
asked me to stay and drink with them.
I could've said no.
But I didn't.
I knew my mom would choose
the cats no matter what.
What I didn't know…
was that it would end like this.
Lynx.
There's a place I want you to come with me.
My job isn't fun.
I have to deal with people
looking at me with fear every day.
This is probably the only place
where no one looks at me like that.
Are you hungry, sir?
This servant will serve you right away.
What about that cat?
Would you like something to eat?
Some bread?
I…
I want to eat what's in the fridge.
But…
it's been there too many days.
I know.
Seven days.
Seriously,
you pay to watch cats sleep,
what's so fun about that?
To you, this place might just be a café.
But to them,
it's their whole world.
And trust me,
these cats will never forget your mother.
How do you know?
You talk like you can read their minds.
I'll wash them for you.
You should get some rest.
(Seriously, )
(you pay to watch cats sleep,
what's so fun about that?)
I'm…
heading out now.
Hey!
Thank you.
I've signed them all.
I just need your signature now.
I'm just an employee.
My big boss will send in his son to sign.
Now you're my debtor.
If you break the contract,
don't say I didn't warn you.
Did you change the cat food?
(Next Episode) Yes. Not only
that, I changed the litter too.
(If you want us to get out there,
change everything back to how it was.)
Hey, Krapor. Where are the other cats?
Once I opened the
door, they all dashed out.
You didn't mean to. Don't beat yourself up.
But didn't they run off
because they were mad at me?
Let's go bring Granny Joo's family back.
I do need help, but I don't even have money
to pay you back right now.
I help you run this café, and in return,
I get to be the cats' dad.